hello all of my Louis Vuitton lovers
this video is a reveal it's actually a
pre loved item and it's the Sameer 30
here's the back I already have it packed
with stuff pretty much full-on I don't
believe I can fit anything else in here
but this is the size 30 I believe that
is equivalent to the mm size now it has
such a gorgeous patina it's very even I
think just right here where these straps
I guess go into this little loop here
there's like a little maybe dirt buildup
or a little mark but that's seriously
nothing and the price I got this for is
ridiculous it's perfect I love it I
can't believe how much that I love this
like I was excited about it but I like
really loved it and I put a little term
right here on the side which it just
came off um there's this little loop
right here and I'm trying to hook it in
there there's no other rings or anything
to put any charms on this bag but it's
just really pretty by itself anyways so
I wanted to UM I'll stand up really
quick to show you guys what it looks
like on me I'm five foot nine and I'm
about 155 160 pounds so um I guess I'm
pretty pretty wide shoulders and it does
fit crossbody on me I can also lengthen
it quite a bit but it's already set it
came set at this length so that's what
it looks like I kind of like this saddle
bag look to it
I'm very I'd say I guess I'm pretty
casual beachy and I just love this that
you can like it looks rugged I love it
but I'm gonna show you all that fits in
here
I actually was carrying my dummy Azur
speedy 30 and I had it packed to the
brim and
I fit everything in here I didn't have
to leave anything out so I'm actually
going to take everything out of here and
show you what's in it and I'm gonna put
it directly into my empty CD right here
so that you can see how full this is
this again is a thirty I would not say
that the thirty-five
if packed to the top would transfer to
the 'some you so let's get started I'm
gonna go ahead and um just open this
side now I know some people have
complained about the fact that they have
to open this I kind of like that it
holds it pretty tight it's not that hard
to get into others say you know it's
such a beautiful bag that you get used
to opening it so I'm not that lazy I
love it okay so first item is my PM
agenda go ahead and throw that into my
speedy I have a very large sunglass case
throw that in there I have some
flashcards pretty thick bundle my mini
push set and then a little energy drink
packet thing now that's all that's on
this side of the bag and that's just one
open pocket on the other side when I
open that up there's actually the pocket
and then a divider I don't even know
I'll have to show you it when it's empty
but um full size zippy wallet my
business card holder an extra set of
keys for my car hair tie my little clay
which I actually have hooked so grab
both of them I have hooked this to my
post shake accessory
sir XS swap and this is full I have
makeup in there and then a checkbook old
school now if I show you this there's
that pocket and then when you open it
there's something else in there Oh a
nail file I'll just leave that in here
so it doesn't get lost in bottom of
speedy but there's that little divider
right there
so fits quite a lot now when I pick up
my speedy pretty heavy and there's a
bunch of stuff in there
I mean it's pretty packed so I mean
there's a little bit of space in the top
if you want to throw a shawl in here
this one you'd probably have to tie the
SHA on the side but it fits everything
that a30 fit so I mean I need to carry
it a little bit more but I really like
it and also the same stuff in the speedy
the speedy feels heavier this feels very
lightweight I don't know you know and
that was one of the things I liked about
the speedy is that I could put the same
stuff in a different bag and that bag
would feel heavier than the speedy so I
thought the speedy was designed pretty
well to make that weight I don't know if
it's anchored just with the handles that
makes it not as heavy feeling but this
is excellent and obviously you have it
across your body but this also has this
wider part to the strap right here to go
over your shoulder so that you're not
digging into your shoulder like some
people complain about the never full so
it lays nice fat flat along the top of
your shoulder and I love it but this is
a rout of the reveal video and I guess
I'll use it maybe for two or three weeks
and I will possibly come back with a
review video if any of you want that you
can comment below and that is I hope you
guys have a great day